I.	Explain REST and RESTful?

REST stands for Representational State Transfer. It is a Web Development architecture for building Web application.  All application respecting this architecture are called RESTful.

The principles of this architecture are as followed:
-	Addressability: Resources are identified by URIs manipulated through their representations. 
-	Uniformity of interfaces: Every request starts with a verb based on HTTP methods (GET, PUT, POST, DELETE).
-	Stateless communication: No status management on the server side, which means no sessions, no cookies, all request must have the right information’s in order to be treated

The advantages are that:
-	The server is answering simple requests to retrieve, create, update or delete a resource.
-	The server is little solicited.
-	The URIS are rewritten to name the resources more naturally.
-	The REST architecture is "stateless".

The disadvantages are that:
- Requires a server capable of considering this architecture.
- Increases the load on the client who must build the visual rendering.
- Increases the client-side code.

II.	 Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.)?

The client will send an HTTP request. The API will treat this request. It will search the data in the database and send it back to the client.


III.	Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.)

The method GET is for getting a resource. 
The method POST is for creating a resource.
The method PUT is for updating a resource.
The method DELETE is for deleting a resource.

Here is an example of a method:
	
GET http://localhost/php/request.php/polls/?login=tibo&delay=10d

In this method, we are getting all polls of the user « tibo » that are less than 10 days old.

IV.	Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP?

A stateless protocol will not register the session on the server at the end of a request. 
A stateful protocol will in contrast register the session on the server. 
HTTP is a stateless protocol.

V.	Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)

POST http://localhost/php/request.php/polls/login=tibo&title=s1

GET http://localhost/php/request.php/polls

In the POST request, the user “tibo” will create a poll called s1. Then with the GET request we will show all the polls that are already existing.

VI.	You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?

When I have a coding a problem, I document myself a lot, I look on websites if people had the same problems as me (Stack Overflow) and if I really can’t find a solution, I will try to ask someone. I always prefer to find the solution by myself because I think it is more rewarding.
